In this task, you are presented with a term and some sentences that include the term. 

You should judge whether the term is used with the same meaning in ALL the sentences, 
or if the meaning varies across the sentences.

Please provide your categorization by answering the question:
"Is the term used with the same meaning in ALL the following sentences?"

Below, examples are provided. Please notice that a validation set 
will be used to check the quality of your answers.

-
Term: institute

A: He graduated from Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur.	
B: Rom is an Israeli computer scientist working at Israel Institute of Technology.
C: At the Pediatric Institute of the Russian Academy of Medical Sciences, a team developed the first therapeutic suit.	
D: He then moved to the California Institute of Technology.

Category: Exactly the same

-
Term: chemical

A: The REOS procedure uses SMARTS to filter out reactive moieties from databases of chemical structures.	
B: Copper chloride is the chemical compound with the chemical formula CuCl2.	
C: The chemical effects of ultrasound do not come from a direct interaction with molecular species.
D: Water is chlorinated or treated with an alternative chemical.

Category: Almost the same

-
Term: law

A: They are generated via Lagrangian and Eulerian flows which satisfy a law of composition of functions.	
B: The hollow cathode obeys the Paschen's law 0.5 Pa·m < p·L < 5 Pa·m.	
C: Through the Australian law on expropriation of German property the plantation fell to the Australian state.	
D: A variety of applications, ranging from safety to navigation and law enforcement.	

Category: Somewhat different

-
Term: degree

A: He returned to Oregon State College and completed his bachelor's degree.	
B: Physics glitches are errors in a game's physics engine that causes a specific entity to be moved to some degree.
C: The degree of error from animal-extrapolated LD values is large.	
D: A DIN extension of the IEC standard further defines Degree of Protection IP 69K.	

Category: Extremely different